Release 2.8.0-beta.0 (#4674)
open-formulieren/open-forms: CHANGELOG.rst

  registration plugin. Copy-pasting URLs is being phased out - you can now select the
  relevant configurations in dropdowns.
* [:backend:`4606`] Improved the user experience of the ZGW APIs registration plugin.
  We're making this consistent with the Objects API. More improvements will be done in
  the future.
* [:backend:`4542`] Email components now support optional verification - when enabled,
  users must verify their email address before they can continue submitting the form.
* [:backend:`4582`] The SAML metadata for the DigiD/eHerkenning identity providers is
  now automatically refreshed on a weekly basis.
* [:backend:`4380`] The StUF-ZDS registration plugin now supports sending payment
  details in the ``extraElementen`` data. For 2.7 this was available in an extension,
  which has been merged in core - migrating is automatic.
* [:backend:`4545`] You can now optionally configure an introduction page, which is
  displayed before the start of the form.
* [:backend:`4543`] You can now optionally enable a short progress summary showing the
  current step number and the total number of steps in a form.

> **Unfinished features**
> 
> .. note:: We've started preparing some improvements, but weren't able to fully finish
>    them yet. It's best not to use these in production yet.
> 
> * [:backend:`4420`] We added support for additional validation in the postcode and city
>   fields of the ``addressNL`` component. However, it's not yet actived in the frontend.

Reviewer: I rather not mention a feature that is not in, but do want to show the warning
and when and when not to use the addressNL component.

```suggestion
.. note:: The ``addressNL`` component is not yet a fully capable replacement for
   individual address fields. Currently, it's only recommended for 
   BRK-validation purposes.
```

Author: thanks, that's much better
